TINY-9998: Applying bullist to a custom unordered list would turn list into paragraphs instead of a bulleted list. (#9002)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- When loading content CSS takes more than half a second, the editor will be set to the "in progress" state until the CSS is ready. #TINY-10008

### Fixed

> - Clicking in the bullist toolbar button on a selected checklist would turn the list into paragraphs instead of a bulleted list. #TINY-9975

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Applying an ordered or unordered list to a selected checklist would incorrectly turn the list into paragraphs. #TINY-9975
```

Since it's more broad than just the toolbar button it could in theory be applied with commands, menus etc.
